OpenSSL updates (#139)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/enable-inbound-traffic.adoc

== Generate a Certificate-Key Pair

You’ll need a certificate-key pair for the internal load balancer in Runtime Fabric. If you have one already, both files must be of the .pem type, your keystore must have a passcode, and your Common Name should match the domain you’ll use in your Runtime Fabric. 

RSA keys are the most common type of keys. RSA keys of 2K length offer the best compromise between security and performance. 
[NOTE]
RSA keys larger than 2K protect against brute force cracking and are appropriate for certificates that have expirations of many years. However, whenever key length is doubled, for example, from 2k to 4k, performance is reduced by a factor greater than 6.
 
ECDSA keys are also supported. In most cases, ECDSA doubles the performance of a 2K RSA key. Supported curves are:

* secp521r1 (P-521)
* secp384r1 (P-384)
* secp256r1 (also known as prime256v1 (P-256))

> Use the following steps steps to generate a certificate-key pair for evaluation purposes.

Reviewer: steps 2x

Author: Got it - thanks!

== Generate a Certificate-Key Pair

> You’ll need a certificate-key pair for the internal load balancer in Runtime Fabric. If you have one already, both files must be of the .pem type, your keystore must have a passcode, and your Common Name should match the domain you’ll use in your Runtime Fabric. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You need a certificate-key pair for the internal load balancer in Runtime Fabric. If you have one already, both files must be of the .pem type, your keystore must have a passcode, and your common name should match the domain you use in your Runtime Fabric. 
```
"should" match, or must?

> RSA keys are the most common type of keys. RSA keys of 2K length offer the best compromise between security and performance. 

Reviewer 2: I did not mark this earlier because I was not sure that 2K was 2 kilobytes. But now that I know...there should be a space between the 2 and the K.
GLOBAL; please search for 2K and fix. I won't mark each, to save time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
RSA keys are the most common type of keys. RSA keys that are 2 kilobytes long offer the best compromise between security and performance. 
```

[NOTE]

> RSA keys larger than 2K protect against brute force cracking and are appropriate for certificates that have expirations of many years. However, whenever key length is doubled, for example, from 2k to 4k, performance is reduced by a factor greater than 6.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
RSA keys longer than 2 kilobytes protect against brute force cracking and are appropriate for certificates that have expirations of many years. However, whenever key length is doubled, for example, from 2 K to 4 K, performance is reduced by a factor greater than 6.
```

Reviewer 2: But...haven't we said this already...maybe twice...above?

> ECDSA keys are also supported. In most cases, ECDSA doubles the performance of a 2K RSA key. Supported curves are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ECDSA keys are also supported. In most cases, ECDSA doubles the performance of a 2-K RSA key. Supported curves are:
```

* secp521r1 (P-521)
* secp384r1 (P-384)

> * secp256r1 (also known as prime256v1 (P-256))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* secp256r1, also known as prime256v1 (P-256))
```

Use the following steps to generate a certificate-key pair for evaluation purposes.

. Run the following command on your machine to generate a certificate-key pair:
+
----
openssl req -x509 -newkey rsa:2048 -keyout key.pem -out cert.pem -days 365
----

. Type a passphrase for your key.

> . Fill out the requested information (Country, State, etc). When you’re asked for a Common Name, supply the domain you’ll use in your Runtime Fabric.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Complete the requested information. 
When asked for a common name, supply the domain you use in your Runtime Fabric.
```

> If you use a wildcard for example, *.example.com in your Common Name, your application URLs use the following format: `{app-name}.example.com`. Otherwise, your application URLs use the format: `example.com/{app-name}`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you use a wildcard (for example, *.example.com in your common name), your application URLs use the format`{app-name}.example.com`; otherwise, your application URLs use the format `example.com/{app-name}`.
```

. After saving your TLS context, click *Secret Groups*, then click the *Finish*. This enables TLS Context for your *Runtime Fabric.*

== Enable Inbound Traffic
The Runtime Fabric internal load balancer supports OpenSSL 1.1.1 and TLS 1.3, which provide the following security enhancements and performance improvements over TLS 1.2:

>  

Reviewer 2: Remove periods. See markup for final list item.

> * 2x or greater TLS 1.2 Connection Performance Throughput Boost.

Reviewer: 2x compared to what?

If we don't have a good answer, we may want to consider removing.

Author: I've added text per Chris.

> * 2x or greater TLS 1.2 connection performance throughput boost versus prior Runtime Fabric internal load balancer running on OpenSSL 1.0.2.

Reviewer 2: Don't need to repeat TLS 1.2 because it's in the intro:
```suggestion
* 2x or greater connection performance throughput boost versus a previous Runtime Fabric internal load balancer running on OpenSSL 1.0.2
```
Do we need all of "connection performance throughput boost"? I was really tempted to shorten it to "connection throughput," but was worried that that might change the meaning.

> * Reduction of one round trip in full handshake for TLS 1.3 vs. TLS 1.2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Reduction of one round trip in a full handshake
```

> * TLS 1.2 and TLS 1.3 ChaCha20-Poly1305 ciphers for better mobile and IoT device support.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added TLS 1.3 ChaCha20-Poly1305 cipher to TLS 1.2 cipher, for better mobile and IoT device support
```

> * TLS 1.3 Protection against downgrade attacks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* TLS 1.3 protection against downgrade attacks
```

> * Continued support for both RSA and ECDSA keys.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Continued support for both RSA and ECDSA keys
```

> * TLS 1.3 removes obsolete and insecure features from TLS 1.2 and TLS 1.1. Refer to xref:release-notes::runtime-fabric-release-notes.adoc[Anypoint Runtime Fabric Release Notes] for a complete list of supported and deprecated ciphers. 

Reviewer: I think we should point to the Anypoint Security Edge release notes, not the RTF release notes.

Author: Got it - thanks!

> * TLS 1.3 removes obsolete and insecure features from TLS 1.2 and TLS 1.1. Refer to the xref:release-notes/anypoint-security/anypoint-security-rtf-edge.adoc[Anypoint Security Edge Release Notes] for a complete list of supported and deprecated ciphers. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Removal of obsolete and insecure features from TLS 1.2 and TLS 1.1. 
Refer to the xref:release-notes/anypoint-security/anypoint-security-rtf-edge.adoc[Anypoint Security Edge Release Notes] for a complete list of supported and deprecated ciphers. 
```

The TLS 1.3 protocol is enabled by default for those clients that support it.

After creating a TLS context, enable secure incoming traffic by applying the TLS context to your Runtime Fabric:

> . Navigate to Runtime Manager, the click *Runtime Fabric*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Navigate to Runtime Manager and click *Runtime Fabric*.
```
